Rc v1.0.0 (#36)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/user/range_time.md

```

You can choose one of four data products to plot:

| Data product                | String name |
|-----------------------------|-------------|
| Line of sight velocity (m/s)| 'v'         |
| Spectral width (m/s)        | 'w_l'       |
| Elevation angle (degrees)   | 'elv'       |
| Power (dB)                  | 'p_l'       |

which is chosen by adding: 
'parameter=String name' 
as an option. The default if left blank is 'v'.

To specify which beam to look at, add the option:
'beam=beam_number"

As an example, taking a look at some 'v' data from the first record of Clyde River radar FIRACF file:
```python
fitacf_file = "20190831.C0.cly.fitacf"
sdarn_read = pydarn.SDarnRead(fitacf_file)
fitacf_data = sdarn_read.read_fitacf()

pydarn.RTP.plot_range_time(fitacf_data, beam_num=fitacf_data[0]['bmnum'])
plt.title("Radar {:d}, Beam {:d}".format(fitacf_data[0]['stid'], fitacf_data[0]['bmnum']))  

plt.show()
```
which produces:

![](../imgs/rtp_cly1.png)

`fitacf_data[0]['bmnum']` is used to extract the beam number of the first (0th) record from the data dictionary, whilst `fitacf_data[0]['stid']` gives the station id (which is 66 for Clyde River).

> Notice that the velocity scale on the right is a bit larger than we need, and also ground scatter isn't shown by default. Showing the dates on the x axis is also a bit redundant, because it's data from a single day. Below, there are some additional parameters you can set to address these and more.

Reviewer: "ground scatter isn't highlighted by default".  Because it is plotted.

Author: Actually grounscatter is not plotted in that example. Velocity colormap has a middle color of "pink" to show the zero/low velocities. Request from @billetd :p 

However, I can see where the confusion it. @billetd can you show a comparison between the two plots showing groundscatter on and off so people don't confuse the pink? Or you probably could just mention groundscatter is grey and explain the pink in the color bar. 

@aburrell is it groundscatter or ground scatter?

Reviewer 2: I think Angeline is correct with this. If I understand right, the groundscatter is 'shown' on the plot, it's just coloured by whatever velocity is calculated for it. If the grounscatter flag is enabled, it just turns these grey, right?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that the velocity scale on the right is a bit larger than we need, and also ground scatter coloured grey by default. Showing the dates on the x axis is also a bit redundant, because it's data from a single day. Below, there are some additional parameters you can set to address these and more.
```

Reviewer: @billetd is right.  Also, it is usually "groundscatter", though "ground scatter" is... acceptable.

|------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| start_time=(datetime object) | Control the start time of the plot                          |
| end_time=(datetime object)   | Control the end time of the plot                            |
| groundscatter=(bool)         | True or false to showing ground scatter as grey             |
| date_fmt=(string)            | How the x-tick labels look. Default is ('%y/%m/%d\n %H:%M') |
| zmin=(int)                   | Minimum data value to be plotted                            |
| zmax=(int)                   | Maximum data value to be plotted                            |

For instance, code for a velocity RTP showing the same beam of Clyde river radar as above, but with ground scatter, date format as 'hh:mm', custom min and max values and a colour bar label could look something like:
```python
pydarn.RTP.plot_range_time(fitacf_data, beam_num=fitacf_data[0]['bmnum'], groundscatter=1, zmax=500, zmin=-500, date_fmt='%H:%M', colorbar_label='Line-of-Sight Velocity (m s$^{-1}$)')
```
which outputs:

![](../imgs/rtp_cly2.png) 

and looks much more useful!

#### Plotting with a custom color map

> Because the default parameter plotted is line-of-sight velocity, there is also a special red-blue colour map set as default (as seen above) which is only meant for velocity RTP's. 

Author: @billetd
